remove filter that consumes mouse rightclick (#9574)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- For portable versions, the `.deb` file now works on plain debian again. [#9472](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9472)
- We fixed an issue where the download of linked online files failed after an import of entries for certain urls. [#9518](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9518)
- We fixed an issue where an exception occured when manually downloading a file from an URL in the entry editor. [#9521](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9521)

> - We fixed an issue with deleting groups where files different from the selected files were deleted. [#9281][https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9281]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue with deleting groups where entries different from the selected group were deleted. [#9281][https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9281]
```
